update the version map between Chaosd and Chaos Mesh (#286)
chaos-mesh/website: docs/simulate-physical-machine-chaos.md

## Introduction to PhysicalMachineChaos

> You can use PhysicalMachineChaos to simulate the faults of network, disk, pressure, JVM, time, and others in physical or virtual machines. Befor using Chaos Mesh's PhysicalMachineChaos, you need to deploy Chaosd in physical or virtual machines, and the version mapping between Chaos Mesh and Chaosd is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use PhysicalMachineChaos to simulate the faults of network, disk, pressure, JVM, time, and others in physical or virtual machines. Before using PhysicalMachineChaos provided by Chaos Mesh, you need to deploy Chaosd in your physical or virtual machines. The version mapping between Chaos Mesh and Chaosd is as follows:
```
